README.md, before:

# Stylish Reader
[![Stylish Reader Extension CI](https://github.com/tolerious/Stylish-Reader/actions/workflows/node.js.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/tolerious/Stylish-Reader/actions/workflows/node.js.yml)

Firefox extension that helps you learn English better and easier.

## Feature List

- [x] Translate the selected word/phrase/sentence from English to Chinese.
- [x] Collect/Favorite new word.
- [x] Recite the collected word.
- [x] See the real-time bilingual live subtitles while watching TED videos.

## TODO List

- [ ] Official website established.
- [ ] Refactor English-Burning APP for better user experience.
- [ ] BBC Learning English(6 minutes English) supported.
- [ ] Collect/Favorite articles, provide reading mode afterwards.

## Highlight and search words

- All collected words will be hightlighted on the webpage.
![alt text](assets/image.png)
- You can search unknown words by selecting text.
![alt text](assets/image-2.png)
- Realtime translation panel
![alt text](assets/image-3.png)

## Realtime bilingual live subtitles

### TED official website

You can see the real-time bilingual live subtitles while watching TED videos.
![alt text](assets/image-1.png)

Commit message:

Fix/fix line break issue (#79)
* 🎨 Show popup dialog.

* ✨ Handle generate questions request in background script.

* ✨ Parse article's dom.

* ✨ Update lock file.

* ✨ Add guardian support.

* ✨ Send message to background script.

* ✨ Add guardian save article support.

* 🔖 Update version.

* 🚧 Fix release command issue.

* ✨ Don't reqeust deepseek in plugin.

* 🚧 Consider content as array.

* 🚧 Fix line break issue.

* 🔖 Update version.

* 📝 Update readme.

* 🎨 Update doc.

---------

Co-authored-by: Toly <tolerious.feng@kuka.com>

README.md, after:

# Stylish Reader

[![Stylish Reader Extension CI](https://github.com/tolerious/Stylish-Reader/actions/workflows/node.js.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/tolerious/Stylish-Reader/actions/workflows/node.js.yml)

Firefox extension that helps you learn English better and easier.

## Feature List

- [x] Translate the selected word/phrase/sentence from English to Chinese.
- [x] Collect/Favorite new word.
- [x] Recite the collected word.
- [x] See the real-time bilingual live subtitles while watching Youtube videos.
- [x] Save `The Guardian` article automatically for later test.

For more features, you could have a look at the [official website.](https://stylishreader.com/#/)

## Highlight and search words

- All collected words will be hightlighted on the webpage.
![alt text](assets/image.png)
- You can search unknown words by selecting text.
![alt text](assets/image-2.png)
- Realtime translation panel
![alt text](assets/image-3.png)

## Realtime bilingual live subtitles

### TED official website

You can see the real-time bilingual live subtitles while watching TED videos.
![alt text](assets/image-1.png)

### Youtube video review

You can save the YouTube video to your account and see the real-time bilingual live subtitles later.
